---
layout: post
title: "Forward"
date: 2026-04-17
tags: [Album spotlight, AOTW]
image: https://image-cdn-ak.spotifycdn.com/image/ab67616d00001e0217696caf00b6e0ac16cbbba4
spotify: https://open.spotify.com/album/367frJ4GG9UMlXlMrVanYL?si=wC_zo7O9S5We2YgY7XiAkA
sticky_track: https://open.spotify.com/track/0h3BFerMyzUaYYh2nwGiX3?si=c86e14d1a5d648ef
vinyl_photo: /assets/img/vinyl/Forward.jpeg
vinyl_caption: "This is my 2nd pink vinyl, the first is Pink Friday!"
---

My first album of the week goes to Jordan Ward’s FORWARD. It's his debut album and the first album of his I listened to. I think one of the biggest things that caught my eye was that I listened to the song FAMJAM9000, around a year ago and I really enjoyed that song. Around a month ago I saw he was coming out with his second album which would be called BACKWARD and realized that I never even listened to the initial album in its entirety. I like how slow the tempo the song sounds to me and it makes me want to just put it on at any occasion. There's highs such as in the songs FAMJAM9000 and DANCE MACHINE but I like listening to an artist that is able to switch the tempo while still maintaining my attention. I also love when the tracks on an album blend into each other in a way where I hear them blend into each other. Highlights from this album are FAMJAM9000, DANCE MACHINE, IDC (w/ Joony) and SIDEKICK(with Joyce Wright). 

Let's talk about SIDEKICK, The atmosphere of the song is laid out by the producer Lido who makes these tracks that feel like you can dance while vibing to the song. The lyrics are about Jordan and Joyce saying they don't care about who each other bring, their homeboys and homegirls but also say as long as they leave with each other at the end of the day. However they both realize that they are waiting on each other, Joyce lets Jordan know that no one else makes her feel the way he does. He needs to act before it's too late though. The ending of the song is her asking can she roll with him and go with him. To me it's a lot about choosing to spend more time with the friend that you may want more than, it's called SIDEKICK because theres nothing else to describe that person because you want to spend more time with them than you want to let on publicly.  Overall my favorite song on the album.

## Id give this album a 8/10. My favorite track is SIDEKICK. 


# Im excited to listen to BACKWARD and write a review on that too. Don't be surprised if you see Jordan Ward again here next week.
